login-
change images wagera, the links on the navbar dont work fix that
login page pai login button should redirect according to the user id 
like patient goes to patient id etc

register- 
after creating account it should say account created succesfully and redirect 
to the login page.
it also needs input valiudation acc to ailah
again the navbar inks dont work
change image
Something-
should probably be renamed
and should not be accessible through url but only when the login is invalid(not my job??)

Home:-
index page-
the picture needs to be changed the words on the panel arent visible need to fix
medical services view all needs to go to somewhereee
get started should go to login pageeee AAAAAAAAAA

Patient:-
yaar mairko yai samajh nai aarahaa kii billing tou mai nai bana dii shows the
paid wagera option buttt pay kidher kr rahe hian humm?? 
probably should add a button  where the unpaind and overdue bills lead to payment option???
tou phir hum bills kiu create ker rahe aur yai billitem mai ki horaha hai kiu ho rah hai??
payment tou card/cash hogi...do we need too configure online payments(should prolly ask)

after creating pages i should prolly ummm connect the links wagera since most of em dont work
idk y the logout page is going to the landing page buttt ig it works??? should it work?? idkk..

ohhh n it also needs a button too book an appointment

OOO N I WAS thinkingg we should Add a prescrtiption pagee whrre arll the patients prescriptions individually ofc are shownnn and we could doo kaii doctors can see it too but he needs to see  all patients naa??
1 bird 2 stones?? ajeeb hai ya yrrrr
YEAA SO Where was iiii...
ooo n alsoo we need to change the thingy wehre the WELCOME PATIEnt is we need to add the name of the patient aswell


Pharmacy:-
index-
same thing as patient name of the name of pharmacist as well as id shown
i love the dashboard no need to change??
now the issue medicines and stock y are they differentt??
oooo we can showwww that the medicines that have already been issued and by what pharmacist(yai acha hai) and how much has bee nordered
the stock page can show all the meds with the +/- sign anddd prioritizingg in descending order (pretty sure tis not my job)


Shared:-
need to figgure out how to9 make shared navbar and the layout so am not using the code aggain and again butttt if ya think abt it each thingy is highlighted 
seperately in the sidebars right soo can i really make it generalized???


Create-

 

 folders left - doctor - dashboard
					  -  labreq
					  -  patient info or patient list??
					  -  schedule

			  - home - type of doctor page
					 - medical service 

			  - billing  - bill items
						 - bills
						 -payments
(i have no idea what goes in these)- appointment - create appointment
												 - details
												 - index
			  - lab	-dashboard
					-order
					-results

			  - pharmacy - issue medicine
					     - stock

			

what if humm yai kerainnnn kii instead of making a file in patient for appointment we make a general appointment folder in create and then use it in patient and doctor?? 
soo likeeee we create the appointment whicxh is basically booking an appointement and the details page show the doctor and patient what they wrote in book appointment
then y do we have an index pagge in appointmrnt folderrr even the ai  is confuseddd lol okk but then where are we inputting the info of the patient that the doctore takes??? do we need to do thiss
waitt first off how will the doctor categorize it according to patient huhhhhhhhh i needd assistancee AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA okii sooo ummm
should i create a seperate page for doctors to input his observations and then it gets saved somewhere.... wheree no one knowsssss tis is soo wierdddd
poor guy im adding stufff and he needds to work moree lol imagine 

